for more than 20 years scientists have
known that a swarm of killer bees has
been headed towards the United States
now Warner Brothers presents urban
Allen's the swarm
we have visual contact identify a black
master
moving black mass we have been invaded
by an enemy far more lethal than any
human force starring Michael Caine
Katharine Ross Richard Widmark
Richard Chamberlain Olivia de Havilland
Ben Johnson Lee grant Jose Ferrer Patty
Duke Aston slim pickins Bradford Dylan
Fred MacMurray and Henry Fonda
a story of courage
and sacrifice
Nazis the 30s when families by the
thousands fled the Oklahoma dust bowl
has a thriving American community had to
be totally evacuated until today its
size is immeasurable its power is
limitless its enemy is man
the war that I've always talked about
has finally started mile by mile city by
city moves leaving in its wake a path of
destruction
God's sake rain when are we gonna stop
this massacre ruin Ellen's the swore it
is more than speculation
it is a prediction
the swarm is coming